Mike image he really is
had enough one
maybe I can tell them have been about
along the way Lauren bride so you might
remember as my sister and I we're just
sharing a story about something the
humans have done and might be doing
right now sometimes a person is pulled
to the brim with a very distinct kind of
feeling an explosive happiness a certain
blind faith hope
with lungs hold from pinks whirling
stuff that they weren't hard fuckin to
protect thundering heart it is a lucky
moment for the statement but walked out
both for one or be humans like me to
share some affection in some way or
another if you are will the unwilling
recipient of this fever love ok but we
are not exacting sympathy for you and
miss mrs. sorry if you are the excreta
of these beasts
however try to remember that the
population might not seem guitars in
your
and might say deliver a punch dear
esophagus or kicked here solar plexus
when you will not stop kissing them and
will not make your arms let go you might
think hey bullshit gotta give it or even
go to hell but dear souls we must
remember to use our skills with integers
to solve this age-old problem when we
must use more so more and love to answer
love what do we solve the work of lovely
while you ponder that and all the
the possible solutions that you cozy up
to zero on with inside there is one more
thing to tell you today